AMost supermarket stores are adopting the self-foremost, systems as a way to improve customer service at their stores by speeding up the customer shopping process because let’s be real, no one waits in line. However, third world countries such as Kenya are still using the in person shopping that involves customers walking into a supermarket, selecting the items they want from the self-service and queueing at the counter for billing and packaging. Some supermarkets have barcode scanners at counters to help cashiers read special barcodes marked on each item for billing. In other cases, servers use manual methods, visually inspecting price tags on items and entering prices into calculators to arrive at the total cost of something a particular customer has purchased. 
From this scenario, we can probably think hey, third world countries need to adopt the self-check outs systems but that doesn’t solve all our problems. Theft has been on the rise with the self-self-check systems as a number of numerous studies have established, causing businesses to suffer huge losses. 
Therefore, we need to develop a system to resolve this by using RFID technology for automatic billing for purchased items. The RFID technology is implemented with the help of RFID tags and RFID reader which are similar to the functions of general bar codes and bar code scanners present in the market. The aim of this project hence becomes to design and implement a system that uses RFID technology to automatically charge customers for their goods and finally develop the proposed system by integrating different modules to test and build the system 
ll
"README.md" [New]

